Namespace (#10)
husarion/astra-docker: README.md

  Docker Images for Astra
</h1>

The repository includes a GitHub Actions workflow that automatically deploys built Docker images to the [husarion/astra-docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/husarion/astra) Docker Hub repositories. This process is based on [ros2_astra_camera](https://github.com/orbbec/ros2_astra_camera.git) repository.

[![ROS Docker Image](https://github.com/husarion/astra-docker/actions/workflows/ros-docker-image.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/husarion/astra-docker/actions/workflows/ros-docker-image.yaml)

> ## Namespace Feature

Author: ```suggestion
## Add Namespace
```

## Prepare Environment

1. Plugin the Device

   You can use `lsusb` command to check if the device is visible.

## Demo

1. Clone the Repository

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/husarion/astra-docker.git
   cd astra-docker/demo
   ```

2. Activate the Device

   ```bash
   docker compose up astra
   ```

3. Launch Visualization

   ```bash
   xhost local:root
   docker compose up rviz
   ```

> [!NOTE]
> To use the latest version of the image, run the `docker compose pull` command.

## Parameters

The original launch has been modified with the new parameters:

| **Product Name**   | **Description**                                                                                                                             | **Default Value**                              |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |

> | `params_file`      | Full path to the Astra parameters file lidar                                                                                                | `/dev/ttyUSB0`                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `params_file`      | Full path to the Astra parameters file                                                                                                 | `/husarion_utils/astra_params.yaml`                                 |
```
